---
title: "What Makes Us Human"
date: "2025-11-15"
---

<p>Tron Ares came out about a month and a half ago, and despite the critics calling it one of the biggest box-office disasters, I actually think, on the contrary, that it wasn't so bad. </p>



<p>After watching it, a question had emerged in my head that made me ponder a little bit. </p>



<p>What makes me me? Well, what makes me a human? A breath of fresh air in the morning. Watching the sun come up and syncing with my biological clock. A chill down the spine, knowing I just avoided a near-death situation. The rush of dopamine from making something that brings me fulfillment and makes people around me happy. Rejection. Failure. Pleasure. Pain. The one bite of something you've been savoring for a while, and it hits the spot. Taking a cool shower after being in the heat for so long. Laughing at a stupid joke with your closest friends that might seem insanely absurd to the rest of the world. Family. Ambition. Sympathy.</p>



<p>I think these experiences are all symbolic representations of classical human perception, making up well, you guessed it, you and me. That is also the big difference between us and a neural network. Right? Sometimes, it doesn't actually feel that way. </p>



<p>It's becoming apparent that everything in our lives is becoming homogenized. From living conditions and social outlets to functional items like furniture and $15 health-conscious slop bowls, everything is becoming monotonous. The human experience itself seems to be hitting a wall in terms of developing and preserving the instincts that allow us to preserve our sacred existence, which makes me ask myself:</p>



<p>Are we slowly hitting the peak of humanness??</p>



<p>Singularity will only be possible not just because of technological advances, but also because of humanity's stagnating progress.</p>
